[docs] Add note on how to access generated Kibana encryptionKeys (#8150)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/kibana.asciidoc

* `xpack.reporting.encryptionKey`
* `xpack.encryptedSavedObjects.encryptionKey`

[TIP]
====

> If you need to access these encryption keys, you can find them using the `kubectl get secrets` command. The secret is named after the corresponding Kibana instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to access these encryption keys, you can find them using the `kubectl get secrets` command. For example, when link:{kibana-ref}/xpack-security-secure-saved-objects.html#encryption-key-rotation[rotating encryption keys] in order to set `xpack.encryptedSavedObjects.keyRotation.decryptionOnlyKeys`.
```

> For example, for a Kibana named `my-kibana`, you can run the following command to retrieve the `xpack.security.encryptionKey` key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secret is named after the corresponding Kibana instance. For example, for a Kibana named `my-kibana`, you can run the following command to retrieve the `xpack.security.encryptionKey` key:
```
Bumping this sentence down to paragraph after which shares example for it.

> If you need to access these encryption keys, you can find them using the `kubectl get secrets` command. For example, link:{kibana-ref}/xpack-security-secure-saved-objects.html#encryption-key-rotation[to rotate the encryption keys] extract the current value of `xpack.encryptedSavedObjects.encryptionKey` in order to set it as a decryption-only key under `xpack.encryptedSavedObjects.keyRotation.decryptionOnlyKeys`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to access these encryption keys, you can find them using the `kubectl get secrets` command. 
```

Sorry my previous comment was maybe confusing. I meant we should not talk about key rotation here (Or if we really must then pull it out into its own section with more context and full examples)

Author: Thanks! I agree 100%.

> If you need to access these encryption keys, you can find them using the `kubectl get secrets` command. For example, link:{kibana-ref}/xpack-security-secure-saved-objects.html#encryption-key-rotation[rotating encryption keys] extract the current value of `xpack.encryptedSavedObjects.encryptionKey` in order to set it as an historical encryption value under `xpack.encryptedSavedObjects.keyRotation.decryptionOnlyKeys`.

Reviewer 2: <img width="852" alt="Screenshot 2024-10-24 at 09 33 56" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e881f396-4a75-4e00-b31c-537b91b4dcd0">

The "For example" sentence is kind of broken here. 

Also I believe we should not try to squeeze the key rotation topic into this `TIP`. Because just doing what you are describing here will not rotate the encryption keys it will just duplicate the key into a decpryption-only key and lead to a crash looping Kibana pod, because the primary encryption key cannot also be a decryption-only key. So the primary key has also to be changed to a new valid (!) value. I believe key rotation is something ECK should orchestrate not users manually. This would be a new operator feature. 

```suggestion
If you need to access these encryption keys, you can find them using the `kubectl get secrets` command. For example, link:{kibana-ref}/xpack-security-secure-saved-objects.html#encryption-key-rotation[to roate the encryption keys] extract the current value of `xpack.encryptedSavedObjects.encryptionKey` in order to set it as a decryption-only key under `xpack.encryptedSavedObjects.keyRotation.decryptionOnlyKeys`.
```

> If you need to access these encryption keys, you can find them using the `kubectl get secrets` command. For example, when link:{kibana-ref}/xpack-security-secure-saved-objects.html#encryption-key-rotation[rotating encryption keys] extract the current value of `xpack.encryptedSavedObjects.encryptionKey` in order to set it as a historical encryption value under `xpack.encryptedSavedObjects.keyRotation.decryptionOnlyKeys`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you need to access these encryption keys, you can find them using the `kubectl get secrets` command. For example, link:{kibana-ref}/xpack-security-secure-saved-objects.html#encryption-key-rotation[rotating encryption keys] extract the current value of `xpack.encryptedSavedObjects.encryptionKey` in order to set it as an historical encryption value under `xpack.encryptedSavedObjects.keyRotation.decryptionOnlyKeys`.
```

[source,shell,subs="attributes"]
----

> kubectl get secret my-kibana-kb-config -o json | jq -r '.data["kibana.yml"] | @base64d' | grep encryptionKey

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl get secret my-kibana-kb-config -o json | jq -r '.data["kibana.yml"] | @base64d' | grep -B 1 encryptionKey
```
Appears you need the line before to make sense of the output, sorry. E.g.
```bash
$ k get secret eck-lab-kb-config -o json | jq -r '.data["kibana.yml"] | @base64d' | grep -B 1 encryptionKey
  encryptedSavedObjects:
    encryptionKey: 1fJrQ4U1iUNIcHCzPEql7Bhwzge1IQBMjoCAZbr4Wp5y5nzDzPbxzHbThQ2Uc5zr
--
  reporting:
    encryptionKey: mWQRomMAvN0J5JFUXZDI9XbQoefYpdejxKEqa0LmP1ePucphNe47OcDFlJp35p9G
  security:
    encryptionKey: 74g2sHhRagHbfgrCtAMaIzM4NHFQXeff9tmn4juV4ZiW29lyrHNjphYmUc6pPiSB
```

> kubectl get secret my-kibana-kb-config -o jsonpath '{ .data.kibana\.yml }' | base64 --decode | grep -B 1 encryptionKey

Author: ```suggestion
kubectl get secret c14-kb-config -o jsonpath='{ .data.kibana\.yml }' | base64 --decode | grep -A1 encryptedSavedObjects
```
Adding @thbkrkr's suggestion to use `encryptedSavedObjects`.

> kubectl get secret c14-kb-config -o jsonpath='{ .data.kibana\.yml }' | base64 --decode | grep -A1 encryptedSavedObjects

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
kubectl get secret my-kibana-kb-config -o jsonpath='{ .data.kibana\.yml }' | base64 --decode | grep -A1 encryptedSavedObjects
```

> kubectl get secret my-kibana-kb-config -o json | jq -r '.data["kibana.yml"] | @base64d' | yq .xpack.security.encryptionKey

Reviewer: I don't think installing `yq` is an assumption we make for most of our docs. Personally I would leave it at `grep encryptionKey` to return all three. Maybe like:
```suggestion
kubectl get secret my-kibana-kb-config -o json | jq -r '.data["kibana.yml"] | @base64d' | grep encryptionKey
```

> The secret is named after the corresponding Kibana instance. For example, for a Kibana named `my-kibana`, you can run the following command to retrieve the  current encryption keys:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The secret is named after the corresponding Kibana instance. For example, for a Kibana named `my-kibana`, you can run the following command to retrieve the current encryption keys:
```

Author: Nice catch @thbkrkr!

> The secret is named after the corresponding Kibana instance. For example, for a Kibana named `my-kibana`, you can run the following command to retrieve the `xpack.security.encryptionKey` key:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The secret is named after the corresponding Kibana instance. For example, for a Kibana named `my-kibana`, you can run the following command to retrieve the  current encryption keys:
```

The command you give later on displays all encryption keys not just the `security` one.

> kubectl get secret my-kibana-kb-config -o jsonpath '{ .data.kibana\.yml }' | base64 --decode | grep -B 1 encryptionKey

Reviewer 3: This command fails with `error: template format specified but no template given`. An `=` is important to assign the jsonpath.
```suggestion
kubectl get secret my-kibana-kb-config -o jsonpath='{ .data.kibana\.yml }' | base64 --decode | grep -B 1 encryptionKey
```

Now it works, I feel that it can be confusing because there are several `encryptionKey`.
```sh
> kubectl get secret test-kb-config -o jsonpath='{ .data.kibana\.yml }' | base64 --decode | grep -B 1 encryptionKey
    encryptedSavedObjects:
        encryptionKey: K8MYAwOohLrviRp4tXlQqS7Gb7AWPe6DsRI9TUs0PoyHAdmpKDjupE8Q3ms4lwmQ
--
    reporting:
        encryptionKey: EcZHDgOz5BJqLdp26t6ittWg3tCJHkCIraciRUqDU2NncYbpO5DNJ4pt1Ayb5VEV
--
                        realm: oidc1
        encryptionKey: PIhbYdOg76JfzhnhzNpTz2JOasEj7oh1hpmZ47ZMEeTRR7Un1akRHVmA0pnDEBsw
```

I guess you don't want to provide an example using `yq`?

Then here is a proposal to still use `grep`: 
```
> kubectl get secret c14-kb-config -o jsonpath='{ .data.kibana\.yml }' | base64 --decode | grep -A1 encryptedSavedObjects
    encryptedSavedObjects:
        encryptionKey: K8MYAwOohLrviRp4tXlQqS7Gb7AWPe6DsRI9TUs0PoyHAdmpKDjupE8Q3ms4lwmQ
```

Author: Thanks @thbkrkr!
@stefnestor  Please let me know if you like the proposal.

Author: @thbkrkr  I see that Stef will be offline for a couple of days, so I think it's safe to merge this. If she'd like anything changed I can open a new PR.

> kubectl get secret my-kibana-kb-config -o json | jq -r '.data["kibana.yml"] | @base64d' | grep -B 1 encryptionKey

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl get secret my-kibana-kb-config -o jsonpath '{ .data.kibana\.yml } | base64 --decode | grep -B 1 encryptionKey
```
trying to minimise the number of external tools required.
